if you have trouble listening. Well, some strategies that you can do is
get out of your own head. Um, you effective communication? There's
a difference between a conversation and communication. No communication
is being able to actually sit and listen to what the other person
is saying without being in your own head, trying to figure out what
you're going to say next. Because then you're gonna miss certain
things that that person is telling you. So one step did you can do is
if you find yourself when somebody is talking that you're in your
own head, trying to figure out how you're going to continue to keep
the conversation going or what you're gonna try and say next, Just stop.
Stop, try and clear your mind and listen to what the person saying
it also just be honest. A lot of times one waiting to get past your
own personal flaws is to let other people know that you have those
flaws and you can tell that individual you know what? I'm sorry.
I was half listening to what you're saying. If you wouldn't mind, could
you please repeat it so that I can I can hear you a little bit better
and we can continue this conversation in this communication in
a better light